Add previous tag (#1178)
nostr-protocol/nips: 01.md

In case of replaceable events with the same timestamp, the event with the lowest id (first in lexical order) should be retained, and the other discarded.

> When the `previous` tag exists on a replaceable event relays SHOULD use this id as the id of the version the client wishes to replace, if the id does not match the stored version, relays MUST reject the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `previous` tag in the format `["previous", "<id>", "<id>", ...]` may be specified containing any number of ids. When it is present relays should only accept the new event if they know at least one of the ids.
```
